Previously on
How to Get Away With Murder...
She faked her death
and framed Snow White.
Mr. Millstone,
come and get your check.
[ Laughs ]
Woman: An unknown source
has come forward,
causing the FBI to open
several closed murder cases.
I take it
you saw the news.
[ FaceTime ringing ]
Laurel?
Y-You're in
witness protection?
No.
Someone had to help you
do all this.
It was Tegan.
Asher, is it you?
Yeah.
Let me explain.
No, you chose yourself.
They want Annalise! Okay?
They know everything.
When you go down, I hope
I'm there to see it.
Man: VIP Results.
Annalise: I'm ready.
Man:
You're clear for takeoff.
Agent Lim: Connor Walsh
and Michaela Pratt?
You're both under arrest
for murder.
What?
Stop.
What are you talking about?
Who died?
Minister:
We ask you, o Lord,
to lift up Annalise
and give her peace.
[ Switch clicks, light buzzes ]
[ Son Lux's "Yesterday's Wake"
plays ]
[ Cap thuds ]
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Female officer:
Turn to the left.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Now what?
Body inspection.
[ sighs ]
♪ I'm swimming for the shore ♪
♪ To flee the future
Of my world ♪
[ Sniffs ]
♪ It's a bloody moon ♪
♪ It's a brighter wound ♪
Male officer: Remove all
jewelry, your wedding ring.
Female officer:
Open your mouth.
We have security cameras
in every room at our house.
The footage will prove
we didn't do this.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Oliver:
This is the Castillos.
They must have
hacked into the app
and deleted the footage.
Okay.
They own
a telecom company.
They do things like this.
I think you need
some sleep.
No, you have
my innocent husband locked up.
I'm not sleeping
until you release him.
Calm down.
No, please.
Just believe me.
We have a dead informant
on our hands, Michaela.
Your fingerprints match those
on the murder weapon.
♪
No more running.
[ Muffled ] It's all over.
Michaela:
[ Muffled ] I want my lawyer.
[ Sighs ]
♪ I'm not ready for today ♪
♪ I'm still caught
In yesterday's wake ♪
♪ It's plain to believe
But it's hard to see ♪
♪ It's a brighter wound ♪
♪ Oh, it's a brighter wound ♪
[ Warbling ]
[ Latin music plays on stereo ]
[ Indistinct chatter ]
[ Men singing in Spanish ]
[ Cellphone chimes ]
[ Music continues ]
♪
[ Horn honks ]
[ Siren wails in distance ]
[ Footsteps approach ]
[ Inhales deeply, sighs ]
Safe's empty.
Celestine just texted
that she never showed up
in Memphis.
She left.
Or Xavier's guys staged it
to make it look like she ran --
just like Laurel.
Or she left.
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
Annalise?
No.
[ Cellphone clicks ]
Hey.
Where's Annalise?
Her phone keeps going
straight to voicemail.
She's probably
at graduation.
Why aren't you?
You haven't heard?
Heard what?
Asher's dead.
The FBI says it's murder.
Where are you?
At the police station.
They arrested
Connor and Michaela.
Pam: Oliver.
Please tell me they just
teepeed the Dean's house.
Who is that?
[ Cellphone clicks ]
Uh, Pam, you need to sit.
W-What did Connor do?
Connor: [ Panicking ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Hyperventilating ]
Get a medic now!
I need help in here!
Help! Help!!
Pam: I'm his mother.
I have the right to see him.
Will you help, please?
Hey, Pam, let's --
let's sit.
D-Do you have
any children?
Eight.
Then you understand
that I need to see my child.
Pam, we need
to wait, okay?
Wait?
Whose side
are you on here?
Making the police mad
won't help us --
I am mad, Oliver!
And you should be, too.
That is your job right now --
No.
To get angry because
you love your husband --
I know.
Well, then be a man
and fix it, damn it!
[ Telephone rings ]
Okay.
I'm gonna call Jefferson.
[ Footsteps depart ]
BP's normal.
Heart rate, too.
Probably a panic attack.
[ Velcro rips ]
I know what
a panic attack is.
This wasn't that.
You need to take me
to the hospital right now
or I-I might die in here.
We'll take the risk.
I'm not...
I wasn't faking it.
I didn't say you did.
Then take me
to the hospital.
Please.
I'm begging. Please.
I think you're okay here.
[ Door buzzes, opens ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Telephone rings ]
Oli.
Hey. Come on, guy.
Let's get you out of here.
Sweet-O, look at me.
Connor's smart.
He's gonna be fine.
I did it!
Oliver!
It was me!
I'm the murderer!
Arrest me!
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
[ Cellphone clicks ]
Hey.
Oliver just confessed.
What?
As soon as I got here,
he went crazy.
[ Door opens ]
They're booking him now.
I'll be there in 20.
You couldn't sleep
last night either?
Listen.
I think Annalise should file
a defamation suit
against the FBI
for letting that leak out
on the news.
Tegan, we have a bigger problem
right now.
Annalise is about to get
charged
with a murder conspiracy.
How could there be
anything bigger?
Asher was killed
last night.
Lanford: Was anyone else
with you last night?
No. I came home
right after our meeting.
And you heard nothing
all night long?
No voices, a struggle?
Nothing.
I swear.
I'm telling the truth.
Gabriel, last night,
you came to me
and asked if Annalise Keating
was responsible
for your father's murder.
Then, later that night,
your neighbor,
a member of Annalise's
inner circle,
turns up dead outside your
door.
You're a smart guy.
How does that sound to you?
I didn't do this.
Bonnie: Michaela and Connor
were arrested.
Tegan: Did they do it?
No.
But they need lawyers.
Where's Annalise?
Gone.
I'm sorry?
She's gone.
That's also
why I'm here --
to see if you helped her
disappear like you did Laurel.
[ Scoffs ]
Don't. I know it was you.
So if you did the same thing
for Annalise--
I didn't.
How can I believe that?
[ Sighs ]
Laurel blackmailed me.
That's why I helped her --
because she threatened
to tell Jorge
I was the Jane Doe
who got him put away.
Who the hell
told you any of this?
[ Knock on door ]
Asher?
What are you doing here?
[ Exhales sharply ]
Asher.
Listen,
i-it's not what you think.
You're covered in blood.
Yeah, it's my blood.
Oliver hit me
with the fireplace poker.
Oliver?
It was the shrooms.
They made everyone paranoid.
When Laurel called, they--
they all just--
they turned on me.
You're not making sense.
Laurel called, and she said
that she's not the mole,
which means that
she obviously is, or...
maybe it's Tegan.
Why Tegan?
She's the one
that disappeared Laurel.
Or that's what
Laurel said.
But it means one of them
has to be the informant
that we've been hearing about
on the news, right?
I'm -- I mean,
I'm leaning towards Laurel
'cause she knows
everything we've done --
Sam, Sinclair,
Miller, and...
remember how mad she was
when she found out
that you killed Miller
in front of Christopher?
She probably went
to the FBI then.
I think losing all that blood
has you... confused.
Maybe.
I'll make you some tea.
I can just go home.
Sit down so we can figure out
what to do.
♪
Frank: What's up?
Bonnie: Where are you?
About to walk
into the kids' house.
Don't go in.
I need you here right now.
What's wrong?
Asher's here.
So?
[ Whispering ]
I think it's him.
He turned.
Don't let him leave.
[ Cellphone clicks ]
Thanks.
Who were you
on the phone with?
Frank.
He's coming here
and will drive you home.
There's nothing
we can do tonight,
and you have graduation
tomorrow.
Obviously, I'm not --
I'm not going.
It's gonna look suspicious to
the FBI if you don't show up.
Just don't tell Frank
about Tegan helping Laurel.
Why?
You saw what happened last time
Frank went looking for Laurel.
[ Door opens ]
Let's protect him
from himself, okay?
Okay.
[ Sighs ]
Morons for doing shrooms.
Yeah, I know.
Eh, let's just go.
We'll figure it all out
tomorrow.
[ Door opens ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Telephone rings ]
Coffee?
I'm sorry?
Frank Delfino.
We met last Christmas
at the kids' house.
Oh. Right.
Why are you here?
Oliver called me
right after Connor
and Michaela were arrested.
Clearly,
I got here too late
to stop him
from playing the martyr.
Oh. I think that's my fault.
I yelled at him pretty bad.
Hey, this is traumatic.
[ Sighs ]
No blaming yourself.
The good news is that I have
the managing partner
from Caplan & Gold coming
to help everyone.
No, Connor's father's
already called a lawyer.
Well, who?
This is Philly.
You need someone
who knows the city.
No, we need someone
who isn't beholden
to that insane woman.
Sorry?
Annalise.
This is all her doing.
No, that's not
what's happening.
Connor told me the Governor has
been coming after all of them
since the Supreme Court win.
That is Annalise's fault.
Trust me, we're not gonna let
him go down for any of this.
"We"?
I just wanna help Connor --
Leave.
Or I will scream
to this whole station
that you're harassing me.
[ Door buzzes ]
[ Door closes ]
You're shook, I get it,
but I'm here to help.
Who told you?
Bonnie.
I stopped at the crime scene
on my way here.
Which was where?
The landing
outside Asher's apartment.
I overheard a tech say
he was hit multiple times
with a fireplace poker,
also found
at the crime scene.
Someone put that there
to frame us.
Xavier's people.
I know.
I am so sorry, Michaela.
There aren't a lot
of good ones out there,
but Asher was one of them.
You barely knew him.
I know you cared for him.
I cared for Laurel, too.
I did what Laurel asked,
protecting her from the same
people who did this to Asher.
I don't believe you.
You don't have a choice
to not believe me, Michaela.
I'm all you have here,
and I'm damn good at what I do,
just like I was damn good
at helping Laurel go MIA
so that she and that baby
could be safe.
And it wasn't my secret
to tell.
So, if you're gonna be pissed,
be pissed at Laurel,
but we have work to do if we're
gonna get you out of here.
Connor:
This is a game.
They're trying
to get in your head.
The security cameras will prove
that you never left the house.
There are people
who want to frame us.
[ Door buzzes ]
Oh, thank God.
[ Door closes ]
It's going to be okay.
No, it's not.
How's Connor?
I'll try to see him
after this.
No, you have to
go see him now!
Just sign this
so I can represent you
at the bail hearing.
It's in two hours.
What?
Uh, I was wearing
Laurel's gloves.
That's why my prints weren't
on the poker, but I did it.
I hit Asher.
That's not
what killed him.
I hit him hard.
It might've been a slow bleed.
Listen to me --
He could have fainted
and fallen down the stairs.
I saw him after he left
your house last night, Oliver.
Uh...what did he tell you?
That you all accused him
of being the informant.
No, he admitted
that he was.
I know.
The only reason
he came over
was to record me
saying something incriminating.
It wasn't me.
Killing an FBI informant
is the dumbest move
any of us could make.
Unless you and Frank
framed someone else.
Oliver, look at me.
This is what
Xavier wants --
for all of us to point
the finger at each other.
Don't fall for it.
Sign, and I'll get you
out of here.
How'd it go?
Oliver signed.
Michaela?
No go.
Why?
She already hired
a lawyer.
[ Door buzzes ]
[ Voice breaking ]
I'm so sorry. [ Sighs ]
Hey. It's okay.
It's okay.
You're not alone anymore.
I just didn't know
who else to call.
Hey.
[ Sniffles ]
I'm exactly the right person
to have called, okay?
[ Sighs ]
This is Kendra Strauss.
She is a partner
at, uh, Baldwin--
Strauss and Morris.
You got that hedge fund guy
out on self-defense.
Exactly.
She is the best.
We're gonna fix this,
Michaela.
But first, I need to know
if you've made any statements.
God no.
Told you she was smart.
[ Sobbing ]
Sorry.
Hey, it's alright.
It's alright.
[ Exhales sharply ]
I swear, I...
I didn't do this.
Hey.
Never once did I think
you did this.
I'm not leaving
until we get you out of here.
[ Breathes shakily ]
[ Horn honks ]
[ Sighs ]
Oli's got
quite an arm on him, huh?
Yeah.
D-Did you or Bonnie, uh,
talk to him,
or to Connor or Michaela?
No.
Should we?
I'm just, uh, hurt,
to be honest.
[ Brakes screech lightly ]
[ Sighs ]
That they'd think I could...
lie to all your faces
this whole time.
We're all pretty good liars
at this point, no?
What if it's Annalise?
Hmm?
If she's the mole,
I mean.
She knows everything
we've done --
you too --
shooting Wallace Mahoney,
framing Nate for Sam...
Those shrooms
making you hallucinate?
Maybe.
I guess I need sleep.
[ Seatbelt unbuckles ]
I'll walk you up.
Oh, you don't have to.
You're high.
You probably have
a concussion from the blow.
We don't want you
falling down the stairs.
[ Seatbelt unbuckles ]
[ Car door opens ]
[ Knock on door ]
What?
Asher.
What about him?
You really didn't hear?
Hear what?
Dead.
Apparently, he told the kids
he was the mole.
A few hours later,
his head was bashed in
with a fireplace poker
at his apartment.
FBI's got Connor, Michaela,
Oliver in jail.
You and Annalise do it?
Nah, don't be stupid.
This was Xavier.
What better way
to hit back at us
than to kill the guy
informing against us?
Good luck proving that.
You need to be worried
about this, too.
Why?
Asher knew you killed Miller,
which means so does the FBI.
Good.
Tell Annalise I said that.
She's gone.
Where?
No clue.
Unless you know.
Don't come
back here again.
[ Sighs ]
Judge Vitkay:
This is bail hearing
34-CR-4271,
the United States vs.
co-defendants Walsh and Pratt.
The top charge
is the first-degree murder
of Asher Millstone.
AUSA Montes,
it's my understanding
that you've added
an additional defendant?
Yes, Your Honor.
In addition to Ms. Pratt
and Mr. Walsh,
we're charging Oliver Hampton
with first-degree murder.
We ask that the court deny bail
for all three defendants
due to the extremely violent
nature of the killing.
Evidence?
We've identified Mr. Walsh
and Ms. Pratt's fingerprints
on the murder weapon,
and all of the defendants
had a clear motive
to silence
a federal informant
who was providing
criminal evidence against them.
Defense counsel for Ms. Pratt,
your response?
The government's evidence
against Ms. Pratt
won't survive a probable cause
hearing, Your Honor.
The only thing tying her
to this crime?
Her fingerprints
on a fireplace poker
my client used
as a household item
many times before
Mr. Millstone's murder.
The FBI denied Mr. Walsh
medical assistance
after he had a severe
panic attack in custody.
I therefore demand Mr. Walsh's
immediate transfer
to a hospital.
Mr. Hampton's only been charged
because of confession
made under the influence
of psychedelic drugs,
a confession that is
the government's only evidence
against my client.
Actually, we have more evidence
against Mr. Hampton, Your
Honor.
A voicemail Mr. Millstone
left a federal agent
just hours
before he was killed.
It shows Mr. Hampton and all
of the defendants had motive.
Asher: It's Asher Millstone.
The others saw the news
and figured out it's me.
I just ran out of the house.
Please call me back.
There is no proof these
"others" include my client.
When Mr. Millstone
called the FBI,
his phone pinged
a cell tower
nearest to the house where
all three co-defendants live.
Cell towers don't pinpoint
exact locations.
This is all circumstantial,
Your Honor.
Understood.
Any additional arguments
for bail,
or can I give my ruling?
♪
Good.
I'm denying bail
to defendants Walsh and Pratt,
who shall be held
in custody pending trial.
However, I agree
there's not enough evidence
to charge Mr. Hampton
at this time.
I'm therefore dismissing
the charges against him
and ordering his release.
No! No!
No, they're all murderers!
Order! Order in the court!
Okay, all three --
they need to go to jail!
Officer, escort her outside.
No, Asher tried
to do the right thing,
and they killed him!
They killed my brother!
Take the defendants into
custody.
Order! Order in the court!
He's dead, so they need to
die now, too!
[ Gavel banging ]
They're all murderers!
They need to die now, too!
Okay. Home safe and sound.
All good.
I gotta take a leak.
[ Siren wails in distance ]
♪
Expecting a call?
No, just, uh...
checking the news to see
if anything else came out.
Like what?
[ Crying ]
Come on.
We're not getting
away with it, are we?
[ Sniffles ]
We're just kidding ourselves.
You're just tired,
that's all.
No, I-I just...
I don't know
how we got here.
Remember when
we were buds? We...
We watched the Eagles together.
You gave me dating tips.
I-I helped you study
for the LSAT.
What's going on
in your head?
I-I think I just need a hug.
[ Exhales deeply ]
I never thought
you were a bad guy, Frank.
Everything you ever did,
I-I know you just did it
to protect us --
Hey.
The only thing I ever did
for you was be your friend.
Don't go to sleep.
It's bad for concussions.
[ Door opens, closes ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Beep ]
[ Dialing ]
[ Ringing ]
Automated voicemail:
Your call has been forwarded
to an automated
voice-messaging system.
At the tone, please record--
[ Click ]
Nate claims he had no idea
Annalise was gone.
You think he helped her?
Hell, maybe he helped Laurel
disappear, too.
What is it?
Nate wasn't who helped
Laurel disappear.
♪
[ Elevator bell dings ]
Hey.
Bonnie told you?
Where are they?
I don't know.
How the hell
is that possible?
I know a guy in Mexico
who does this.
So, they're in Mexico?
I don't know.
I gave her his number.
She arranged the details
without me.
And even if I did know
where she was,
telling you would risk having
Laurel and Christopher
end up like Asher.
Is that what you want?
All this time,
we thought she could be
chained up in a well.
Annalise almost drank herself
to death 'cause of it.
And I hated myself
the whole time.
But you know what?
Annalise just took off
without a thought about me.
So I'm hating myself
a little less right now.
I'm sorry Laurel hurt you,
but that's between you two.
Now,
can I get in my car,
or are you gonna make me
use my mace?
[ Car alarm beeps, door opens ]
♪
We appreciate you
sitting down with us today.
[ Scoffs ]
Like we have a choice.
Pam.
Just -- Don't you
dare shush me again.
Drop the charges,
otherwise we sue you
and this whole state
for wrongful prosecution,
and I will --
Mrs. Walsh, I'm sorry
this is so upsetting,
but today's charges against
your son were just the start.
In addition to
the Millstone murder,
we have evidence linking
Ms. Pratt
to several more crimes.
You'll need time
to review them all,
but the highlights
are conspiracy,
aiding and abetting,
perjury,
obstruction of justice --
Evidence tampering?
For when you helped hide
the murder of D.A. Miller.
A wedding
was a convenient alibi
for D.A. Miller's killing.
We're ending this meeting
if you continue to drum up
ludicrous accusations.
You don't want to know
the other evidence first?
Victim intimidation
of Simon Drake.
Assault by
the unauthorized intoxication
of Catherine Hapstall.
Retaliation against
District Attorney Todd Denver.
The murder
of A.D.A. Emily Sinclair.
Caleb Hapstall.
Rebecca Sutter.
All deaths stemming from
the first murder
and dismemberment
of Sam Keating.
Which is why you had to
kill Asher Millstone --
to keep him from informing
on Sam's murder
and everything
that came after.
Then charge me.
Connor.
If you have the evidence,
then charge me for all of it.
You can't, though,
right?
That's why the AUSA
isn't here?
The AUSA isn't here because
you're being shady.
This is all some
weak-ass scare tactic
to bully us into giving
a false confession.
Call our bluff.
We'll see you at trial.
Or?
Admit that you did all of it,
not because you wanted to,
but because you were under
the influence of one person --
Annalise Keating.
If you want Keating
so bad,
why haven't you
arrested her?
Ms. Keating's missing.
What?
We believe
she fled the country.
We'll find her
and we'll take her to trial,
but in order to make
our case, we need help.
We're offering you
an immunity deal, Ms. Pratt.
an immunity deal, Mr. Walsh.
Plead guilty to all
the crimes listed here
and agree to testify against
Ms. Keating at trial...
And agree to testify
against Ms. Keating at trial,
including the fact
that she ordered you
to murder Sam Keating.
Including the fact
that she ordered you
to kill Sam Keating.
Agree and you'll get
five years.
For everything.
You just need
to sign today
and we'll immediately
release you.
Don't sign...
and you'll stay in jail
until your trial,
where the AUSA will try
for a life sentence.
You have until 5:00 p.m.
to decide.
♪
[ Door opens, closes ]
[ beep ]
Asher: ...Sam, Sinclair,
Miller, and...
remember how mad she was
when she found out
that you killed Miller
in front of Christopher?
Bonnie: I think
losing all that blood
has you... confused.
Asher: I never thought you were
a bad guy, Frank.
Everything you ever did,
I know you just did it
to protect us.
Frank: Hey.
The only thing I ever did
for you was be your friend.
D-Damn it!
[ Cellphone clatters ]
[ Glass shatters ]
♪
Stupid, stupid, stupid, Asher.
Stupid, dumb rage monster.
♪
[ Sobbing ]
[ Knock on door ]
You alone?
Yeah.
Did Frank do it?
What?
My contact at PD says they
know Asher came over here
and that Frank
drove him home after.
Just look me in the eye
and tell me it wasn't Frank.
It wasn't.
The police
clearly know that, too,
since we're not the ones
in jail.
Why do you even care?
You said you were done
with all of us.
Done with Annalise, yeah,
like she's clearly done
with all of you.
But I'm not done
doing what's right.
"What's right"?
You?
Do you have any idea
how many times
I've played that night over
in my head?
I chose you over Ron.
I didn't ask you
to do that.
He was innocent.
He could have stopped
the whole thing.
Reported Xavier
to the feds.
That coward
son of a bitch
let an old man get shot
point-blank in the head.
♪
You wanna actually move on
from all of this
and be the hero
you think you are?
Just turn yourself in.
I am sorry about Asher.
♪
Michaela: What do you
think I should do?
It's not my call.
♪
What if it were, though?
Please.
I really want to know.
I'm with Kendra.
You take the deal.
Connor:
It's not that simple.
They want us to lie
and say that Annalise
told us to kill Sam.
Is that such a bad thing?
You could get
a life sentence.
Maybe I deserve that.
You're my husband.
You're who I care about here,
not Annalise.
Annalise isn't to blame
for all of this.
But she is to blame
for most of it, right?
And don't forget,
Michaela,
I have known her
for a long time,
and what you're doing,
worrying about her,
is not something she would do
for you right now.
She ran away,
saved her own ass.
Now you gotta do
the same thing.
Oliver: What if this
was Annalise?
For all we know, she killed
Asher and she framed you.
You're reaching.
Am I?
Maybe Asher
was right all along.
She got you into this.
She should go down.
And, look, I know five years
sounds like a long time,
but I'll be here
the whole time.
I just want this
to be over
so that we can go have
a boring, normative life
together.
[ Scoffs ]
What about Michaela?
What if Connor
doesn't take the deal?
They'll still charge him.
My deal could
sentence him to life.
Did you not hear me?
First Annalise,
now that spoiled white boy?
The only person you need
to think about here...
is you.
He's always had my back.
And who's got his back?
His husband, two parents,
history.
You know a jury's not gonna
treat the two of you the same.
Oliver: Michaela
got Simon deported,
and she pushed Sam
over the railing, not you.
I mean, what
have you done? Really?
I told you.
No, everything you did with Sam
was after the fact.
You didn't instigate
anything bad.
That's not true.
Then what have you done?
I got you involved.
I got myself involved.
You always begged me
to stop.
Please, if you want
to make it up to me,
then just...sign...
and come home
with me tonight.
Okay? Just -- Please.
I'll do anything.
Just sign.
Michaela: What am I gonna do
after I get out?
There's no way
I'll get to be a lawyer.
You don't know that.
They want me to plead guilty
to a dozen felonies.
How do you think I got
to where I am, Michaela?
I know people everywhere --
at the bar, too.
And we will make you
a lawyer.
I promise to use
every resource I have
to get your sentence reduced,
your record sealed.
Then you can come
to California with me,
change your name to Vick
if you want.
But me?
Michaela, it's time...
that I be your father,
and that means telling you
the truth.
You should take the deal.
♪ The secret's in your bones ♪
♪ When you open the door ♪
So?
Do we have our deal?
We do.
♪ ...unknown ♪
Nice work.
[ Folder thuds ]
Now we just need
our number one.
♪
[ "Con La Cumbia" playing ]
♪ Todo el sabor
que tiene la vida ♪
♪ Y es que la cumbia
tiene en su canto ♪
♪ Todo lo lindo,
todo el encanto ♪
♪ Y es que la cumbia
tiene en su canto ♪
♪ Todo lo lindo,
todo el encanto ♪
[ Cellphone chimes, vibrates ]
♪ Todo el sabor
que tiene la vida ♪
♪ Y es que la cumbia
tiene en su canto ♪
♪ Todo lo lindo... ♪
Desi: Justine?
Ready?
♪
Where we going?
You'll see soon.
Please.
No more surprises.
I don't know either,
is the point.
That's the fun part.
[ Horn honks ]
Let's go.
♪
Damn it!
[ Cellphone thuds,
glass shatters ]
[ Sobbing ]
♪
[ Inhales, exhales deeply ]
Frank:
I wish that I had killed Sam.
Maybe killing his son's
the next best thing.
[ Knock on door ]
♪
[ Cellphone clicks ]
Hey.
What the hell?
I'm fine.
Just -- I-I need your phone.
For what?
It's an emergency.
Give me your phone.
No.
Wait.
I'll pay you $64,000
for it.
♪
Don't let yourself feel
any guilt here.
You made
a smart decision.
So lower my sentence
to no years.
It's not my call, sadly.
But what I can tell you is
you're gonna make
a great lawyer someday.
Don't patronize me.
I'm serious.
You convinced us to give you
a better deal.
You think
that happens often?
Michaela:
I'm ready to sign.
That's great news.
But I have a stipulation.
Otherwise, we go to trial.
♪
[ Sighs ]
I got you a room
at the hotel.
Entire room service menu
should be waiting
when we get there.
Michaela?
♪
But I have a stipulation.
The terms of the deal
are only valid
if they apply to both Connor
and myself.
Protect us equally...
or we don't have a deal.
♪
[ Sniffles ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
You're welcome.
What?
Well, I-I made sure
we got the same deal.
No.
I made sure we got
the same deal.
I'm only signing if you
agree to one more term.
Which is?
Michaela gets
the same protections I do...
even if she doesn't sign.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Great minds.
Brilliant minds.
Oliver: Connor.
Thank God.
I love you so much.
♪
[ Sighs ] Oh.
[ Indistinct chatter ]
Desi:
¿Esta cerrada la autopista?
¿Que tal el puente?
Pues tenemos que buscar otro
camino y hacer lo mejor.
Confia en mi.
Something wrong?
We have to hurry.
Hurry where?
We've been walking
for over an hour.
They might know
you're here.
Who?
I don't know.
Come. Quick.
♪
I just got off the phone
with my "in" at the PD.
They dropped the charges
against Connor and Michaela.
Think they took a deal?
What do you think?
[ Sighs ]
Hey.
We'll make it
through this.
Frank?
What?
Was it you?
No way I'm that stupid.
♪ I feel it crawling
through the air tonight ♪
You think she and Laurel
are sitting on a beach
somewhere?
[ Sighs ] Probably.
♪
♪ I feel a surge of adrenaline
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
There.
That's our driver.
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
Justine, hurry.
♪ Ooh ♪
[ Distorted, echoing ]
You wanna get caught?
This is how that happens.
Move your ass now
or we leave you.
Justine, be smart.
[ Normal voice ]
Justine, stop!
Hey!
♪
[ Sighs ]
Man: Annalise Keating?
[ Indistinct chatter ]
Ahora estas bajo la custodia de
la Policía Federal Mexicana.
[ Handcuffs click ]
Seras extraditado de regreso
a los Estados Unidos
en nombre del FBI...
Oliver: Connor.
Thank God.
I love you so much.
-Hey.
Agent Lanford.
You find
Annalise Keating yet?
♪
Tiene el derecho
mantenerse en silencio.
[ Continues indistinctly
in Spanish ]
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah ♪
♪